# Meeting 33 #
**Date:** 30.12.2012 11.00-19.00 **Location:** Lounge

**Participants:** Duygu, Seçkin, Dila, Umur, Tuğra -Online: Alperen, Hasan

## Action items: ##
  1. will be completed...


---


# Meeting 32 #
**Date:** 19.12.2012 19.00-21.00 **Location:** Lounge

**Participants:** Duygu, Seçkin, Dila, Hasan, Umur, Alperen, Tuğra

## Action items: ##
  1. will be completed...


---


# Meeting 31 #
**Date:** 16.12.2012 10.00-20.00 **Location:** Lounge

**Participants:** Duygu, Seçkin, Dila, Hasan, Umur, Tuğra

## Action items: ##
  1. will be completed...


---

# Meeting 30 #
**Date:** 13.12.2012 11.00-12.00 **Location:** Lounge

**Participants:** Duygu, Seçkin, Dila, Hasan, Umur, Tuğra

## Action items: ##
  1. will be completed...


---

# Meeting 29 #
**Date:** 06.12.2012 11.00-12.00 **Location:** Lounge

**Participants:** Duygu, Seçkin, Dila, Hasan, Umur, Alperen, Tuğra

## Action items: ##
  1. will be completed...


---

# Meeting 28 #
**Date:** 29.11.2012 11.00-12.00 **Location:** Lounge

**Participants:** Duygu, Seçkin, Dila, Hasan, Umur, Alperen, Tuğra

## Action items: ##
  1. will be completed...


---

# Meeting 27 #
**Date:** 02.12.2012 13.00-18.00 **Location:** CMPE Building

**Participants:** Duygu, Seçkin, Dila, Hasan, Umur, Alperen, Tuğra

## Action items: ##
  1. will be completed...


---

# Meeting 26 #
**Date:** 23.11.2012 23:00-23:45 **Location:** Online

**Participants:** Duygu, Seçkin, Dila, Hasan

## Action items: ##
  1. We discussed the feedback from Gökalp.
  1. Dila and Duygu will create UI for expanding/collapsing page until Sunday evening.
  1. Seçkin told about wordnik for semantics.
  1. Hasan and Seçkin will finalize search until Thursday.
  1. Umur will write unit test.
  1. Tuğra will update project plan.
  1. We will be in touch during the weekend.


---

# Meeting 25 #
**Date:** 20.11.2012 17:00-17:15 **Location:** Lounge

**Participants:** Duygu, Seçkin, Dila, Umur, Alperen

## Action items: ##
  1. Seçkin gave the team feedback from Suzan Hoca.
  1. We discussed our meeting policy and next steps.
  1. We discussed work we have done so far.


---

# Meeting 24 #
**Date:** 17.11.2012 14:30-17:00 **Location:** Lounge

**Participants:** Duygu, Seçkin, Hasan

## Action items: ##
  1. Seçkin completed search operation.
  1. Duygu created popover pages for the services listed on profile page.
  1. Geo location is postponed for now.
  1. Work division among other members is done according to the decisions of the previous meeting. For details see issues.


---

# Meeting 23 #
**Date:** 15.11.2012 11:00-12:00 **Location:** Lounge

**Participants:** Duygu, Tuğra, Seçkin, Alperen, Umur, Hasan, Dila

## Action items: ##
  1. There shall be a popover windows for the services listed on profile page or search result page.
  1. Service creation should be updated such that the user could select time interval from the datepickers and choose days&hours suitable for the service.
  1. The services may be active or passive depending on the availability of the provider. We should consider this.
  1. The provider can determine the quota for the service.


---

# Meeting 22 #
**Date:** 12.11.2012 19:00-20:00 **Location:** CMPE Building

**Participants:** Duygu, Tuğra, Seçkin, Alperen, Umur, Hasan, Dila

## Action items: ##
  1. We will need to measure distance between users, so we discussed about a new method for keeping address information. Google API is offered. Seçkin and Hasan will do some research about this issue till tomorrow.
  1. Login page will be updated till Thursday.
  1. Lack of logoff button is realized. It will be added till Thursday.
  1. Search will be done after Google API decision.
  1. There will be a part called 'waiting services' in profile page for replies to the service request we created. It will be added to UI design.


---

# Meeting 21 #
**Date:** 05.11.2012 19:00-21:00 **Location:** CMPE Student room

**Participants:** Duygu, Tuğra, Seçkin, Alperen, Umur, Hasan

## Action items: ##
  1. Fully functional profile page is implemented.
  1. Project plan is updated.
  1. Login & search pages will be implemented.
  1. Mvn deployment will be done.


---

# Meeting 20 #
**Date:** 04.11.2012 11:00-19:00 **Location:** CMPE Student room

**Participants:** Duygu, Seçkin, Alperen, Dila, Hasan

## Action items: ##
  1. creation of maven project
  1. ui development for home & service creation pages
  1. update of database
  1. java entities creation


---

# Meeting 19 #
**Date:** 29.10.2012 **Location:** Duygu's place :)

**Participants:** Duygu, Dila

## Action items: ##
  1. ui implementation for profile & search pages


---

# Meeting 18 #
**Date:** 01.11.2012 **Location:** CMPE Student room

**Participants:** Duygu, Tuğra, Seçkin, Alperen, Umur, Dila, Hasan

## Action items: ##
  1. hasan will make a research about ejb integration to tomcat server
  1. if it is possible, we will try and learn about ejb
  1. next meeting date is determined.


---

# Meeting 17 #
**Date:** 18.10.2012 **Location:** CMPE Student room

**Participants:** Duygu, Tuğra, Seçkin, Alperen, Umur, Dila, Hasan

## Discussions: ##
  1. search algorithm and bulletin board idea

## Action items: ##
  1. we will talk to suzan hoca


---

# Meeting 16 #
**Date:** 15.10.2012 **Location:** CMPE Student room

**Participants:** Duygu, Tuğra, Seçkin, Alperen, Umur, Dila, Hasan

## Discussions: ##
  1. Search algorithm
  1. GUI design
  1. Database design

## Action items: ##
  1. Search algorithm has not been decided yet.
  1. Database tables is designed to some extend. But they will evolve over time.
  1. Basic pages of the website are determined.


---

# Meeting 15 #
**Date:** 11.10.2012 **Location:** CMPE Student room

**Participants:** Duygu, Tuğra, Seçkin, Alperen, Umur, Dila, Hasan

## Discussions: ##
  1. Review of project plan

## Action items: ##
  1. Final Version of project plan is done.
  1. Time for the next meeting is determined.
  1. Main parts and responsible people are decided.


---

# Meeting 14 #
**Date:** 03.10.2012 **Location:** CMPE Student room

**Participants:** Duygu, Tuğra, Seçkin, Alperen, Umur, Dila

## Discussions: ##
  1. Assignment 1
  1. Review of requirements document
  1. Project plan

## Action items: ##
  1. Seçkin prepared the presentation.
  1. Final Version of requirements document is done.
  1. First project plan is done.


---

# Meeting 13 #
**Date:** 02.10.2012 **Location:** CMPE Student room

**Participants:** Duygu, Tuğra, Seçkin, Alperen, Umur

## Discussions: ##
  1. Open Project: Review of the old project plan
  1. Review of requirements document

## Action items: ##
  1. New members will create their own pages.
  1. Requirements document will be revised.
  1. Every member should learn how to use Open Project.


---

# Meeting 12 #
**Date:** 21.05.2012 **Location:** CMPE Student room

**Participants:** Duygu, Dila, Murat, Semih, Tuğra

## Discussions: ##
  1. Eclipse, svn, junit integration : Resolution of common problems
  1. How unit tests work
  1. Review of current base class and unit tests

## Action items: ##
  1. Each project developer will contribute to either base class or tests.
  1. Each developer will try to find a bug or enhancement.


---

# Meeting 11 #
**Date:** 12.05.2012 **Location:** Online

**Participants:** Duygu, Dila, Yavuz, Murat, Tuğra, Semih, Alperen

## Discussions: ##
  1. Everybody is reminded of the current individual issue searching assignment.
  1. Discussed how and where to look for issues in different projects. All documents, diagrams and the code should be searched.


---

# Meeting 10 #
**Date:** 02.04.2012 **Location:** ETA A4

**Participants:** Duygu, Dila, Yavuz, Murat, Tuğra

## Discussions: ##
  1. How our sequence diagrams should be.
  1. System architecture will be designed in client-server model.

## Action items: ##
  1. System arcitecture model is designed on paper. Dila and Murat will draw and upload it.
  1. Tuğra shall remake the use-case scenario sequential diagrams until 23.59.
  1. Duygu is assigned to make sure that our home page is up to date.


---

# Meeting 9 #
**Date:** 31.03.2012 **Location:** Online(Skype)

**Participants:** Duygu, Dila, Yavuz, Semih, Alperen, Murat

## Discussions: ##
  1. Zero(0) has a negative effect on people.
  1. User demand is essential on the service types.

## Action items: ##
  1. Dila shall finish the overall system architecture diagram until Monday PS.
  1. Yavuz shall remake the 1st use-case scenario sequential diagram until Monday PS.
  1. IF THERE IS NO PS, PLEASE COME TO THE LOUNGE AT THE SAME HOUR!


---

# Meeting 8 #
**Date:** 26.03.2012 **Location:** CmpE Lounge

**Participants:** Duygu, Dila, Yavuz, Semih

## Discussions: ##
  1. Ranking system may lead to unjust treatment of new users compared to experienced ones.

## Action items: ##
  1. Duygu shall make the necessary changes in the Use Case Diagrams until tomorrow's lecture.
  1. All members shall upload their diagrams using the moodle submission system.
  1. All members shall read the scenarios at least once before tomorrow's lecture.


---

# Meeting 7 #
**Date:** 24.03.2012 **Location:** Online(Skype)

**Participants:** Duygu, Dila, Yavuz, Murat, Alperen

## Discussions: ##
  1. We shall emphasize more the fair and just treatment of the users.
  1. We shall often be voluntary for presentations.

## Action items: ##
  1. Murat shall update the requirements and the scenario documents until Sunday 12:00.
  1. Alperen shall finish use-case diagrams until Sunday 23:59
  1. Dila & Semih shall finish activity diagrams before Monday PS.
  1. Yavuz & Tuğra shall finish sequential diagrams before Monday PS.
  1. Duygu shall track these jobs using the issue tracker.
  1. Every member should think of a project name until Sunday 12:00.


---

# Meeting 6 #
**Date:** 19.03.2012 **Location:** ETA A3

**Participants:** Duygu, Dila, Yavuz, Murat, Tuğra, Alperen

## Discussions: ##
  1. Members shall be able to report abuse.
  1. Members shall be able to view recent activity.
  1. Members can become admins if they apply to the job and all and some admin of a scenario can become the member of another scenario.
  1. Members who do not participate in any service taking activity for a long time shall start to lose their community credits(decay).
  1. Members should be able to search using different criterion.
  1. All detailed work of the meeting is at https://cacoo.com/diagrams/KHqknnyT5NKTejck.

## Action items: ##
  1. Requirements shall be updated mainly by Murat. Yavuz shall add the decaying community credits requirement to the document.
  1. The use case diagram shall be updated by Dila, according to the new requirements and discussions today.


---

# Meeting 5 #
**Date:** 16.03.2012 **Location:** Online(Skype)

**Participants:** Duygu, Dila, Yavuz, Murat, Tuğra, Alperen

## Discussions: ##
  1. First UML diagram will cover the whole function of the project. It shall be possible to explain certain scenarios on this first diagram.
  1. Second UML diagram will be drawn if needed and it shall describe the detailed case-scenarios.
  1. Socializing part of the project should be expanded and requirements shall be expanded in that way also.

## Action items: ##
  1. Yavuz Alperen and Dila shall finish the diagrams until Sunday evening.
  1. Duygu is going to talk to the customer asking the questions discusssed.
  1. Murat and Tuğra are going to prepare use-case scenarios and describe them in natural language.
  1. Semih and Duygu are going to prepare a slide show.

---

# Meeting 4 #

**Date:** 12.03.2012 **Location:** ETA A3

**Participants:** Duygu, Dila, Yavuz, Murat, Tuğra, Semih

## Discussions: ##
  1. There will be no "sign-in with Facebook" feature. This is because that our project requires that the users must include their true identities in their profiles.
  1. Only invited people will be allowed to sign-in.
  1. Service offers is decided to be taken request-based.
  1. There will be a forum for social service users included in the project.

## Action items: ##
  1. Every member shall upload their logos from Administer section
  1. Murat will upload the requirements document. Please read it carefully.
  1. Every member should send his/her skype address to every other member via e-mail.


---

# Meeting 3 #

**Date:** 09.03.2012 **Location:** Online

**Participants:** Alperen, Duygu, Salih, Yavuz, Semih, Dila, Murat


## Discussions: ##
  1. Preparation of initial draft requirements document with clarification of key concepts and functional and non-functional dichotomy.
  1. Document format will be as required by the customer.
  1. An elicitation process with customer is necessary.

## Action items: ##
  1. Everybody will come up with ideas/solutions to the meeting on next Monday to further elaborate the initial document.
  1. Duygu will organize the weekly group meetings.


---

# Meeting 2 #
**Date:** 05.03.2012 **Location:** ETA A3

**Participants:** Duygu, Semih, Salih, Dila, Yavuz


## Discussions: ##
  1. Majority supports a decrease in the scope of the project such that the project should only include university students.
  1. http://armut.com/ is offered as an example webpage.
  1. Usage of physical or virtual neighborhood and requirement of sign-up or just anonymous entering has not yet decided.

## Action items: ##
  1. All links and researches should be written on the same wiki page.
  1. Each contributor must write his/her name to the end of his/her part of the wiki in paranthesis.
  1. There will be a facebook group of this project team.
  1. Each member should increase their profile size.
  1. A possible logo for the project should be searched or drawn by all members if possible.


---

# Meeting 1 #

**Date:** 02.03.2012 **Location:** Online

**Participants:** Alperen, Duygu, Salih, Yavuz, Semih, Dila, Murat


## Discussions: ##
  1. We have not yet come together with the client for detailed requirements analysis, but we can do a preliminary research on the project.
  1. Initial ideas on responsibility assignment.
  1. Formation of a group on Facebook, or a circle on Google+ etc.

## Action items: ##
  1. Everybody will do preliminary research on the project topic and requirements and update a single wiki page "Useful Notes and Links" accordingly.