#summary Similar Social Networks

= Social Networks =

A social networking service is an online service, platform, or site that focuses on building and reflecting of social networks or social relations among people, who, for example, share interests and/or activities. A social network service consists of a representation of each user (often a profile), his/her social links, and a variety of additional services. Source: [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_networking_service Wikipedia]

More on Social Networks:

http://social-networking-websites-review.toptenreviews.com/

http://www.whatissocialnetworking.com/

== Similar Web Sites ==

Couch-surfing and Localyte are the two social networks that are based on specific service exchanges. 

*Couchsurfing* is a social network offering its users hospitality exchange. Members have the option of providing information and pictures of themselves and of the sleeping accommodation they offer, if any. More information provided by a member, it is more likely that someone will find the member trustworthy enough to be his host or guest. We can make use of this idea by letting users to provide detailed info and upload photos to create a trusted environment. Security issues may be seen as the weakest point of the service exchange through a social network. However Couchsurfing makes use of personal references and a personal vouching system to increase security of hospitality exchange.

On the other hand, *Localyte* brings travelers and local people together to promote travel experiences. Members write about themselves as well as the services they offer such as tours, driving, tutoring and more. They provide helpful answers to demonstrate their expertise about where they live. They may also earn money by responding to service requests from travelers with their proposals and prices. Users can also collect reviews from travelers on their profiles.

More Info: [http://www.localyte.com/ Localyte], [http://www.couchsurfing.org/ Couchsurfing]  