#summary Meeting Minutes

= Meeting 7 =
*Date:* 24.03.2012 *Location:* Online(Skype)

*Participants:* Duygu, Dila, Yavuz, Murat, Alperen

==Discussions:==
 # We shall emphasize more the fair and just treatment of the users.
 # We shall often be voluntary for presentations.

==Action items:==
 # Murat shall update the requirements and the scenario documents until Sunday 12:00.
 # Alperen shall finish use-case diagrams until Sunday 23:59
 # Dila & Semih shall finish activity diagrams before Monday PS.
 # Yavuz & Tuğra shall finish sequential diagrams before Monday PS.
 # Duygu shall track these jobs using the issue tracker.
 # Every member should think of a project name until tomorrow 12:00.

= Meeting 6 =
*Date:* 19.03.2012 *Location:* ETA A3

*Participants:* Duygu, Dila, Yavuz, Murat, Tuğra, Alperen

==Discussions:==
 # Members shall be able to report abuse.
 # Members shall be able to view recent activity.
 # Members can become admins if they apply to the job and all and some admin of a scenario can become the member of another scenario.
 # Members who do not participate in any service taking activity for a long time shall start to lose their community credits(decay).
 # Members should be able to search using different criterion.
 # All detailed work of the meeting is at https://cacoo.com/diagrams/KHqknnyT5NKTejck.

==Action items:==
 # Requirements shall be updated mainly by Murat. Yavuz shall add the decaying community credits requirement to the document.
 # The use case diagram shall be updated by Dila, according to the new requirements and discussions today.

= Meeting 5 =
*Date:* 16.03.2012 *Location:* Online(Skype)

*Participants:* Duygu, Dila, Yavuz, Murat, Tuğra, Alperen

==Discussions:==
 # First UML diagram will cover the whole function of the project. It shall be possible to explain certain scenarios on this first diagram.
 # Second UML diagram will be drawn if needed and it shall describe the detailed case-scenarios.
 # Socializing part of the project should be expanded and requirements shall be expanded in that way also.

==Action items:==
 # Yavuz Alperen and Dila shall finish the diagrams until Sunday evening.
 # Duygu is going to talk to the customer asking the questions discusssed.
 # Murat and Tuğra are going to prepare use-case scenarios and describe them in natural language.
 # Semih and Duygu are going to prepare a slide show.
----
= Meeting 4 =

*Date:* 12.03.2012 *Location:* ETA A3

*Participants:* Duygu, Dila, Yavuz, Murat, Tuğra, Semih

==Discussions:==
 # There will be no "sign-in with Facebook" feature. This is because that our project requires that the users must include their true identities in their profiles.
 # Only invited people will be allowed to sign-in.
 # Service offers is decided to be taken request-based.
 # There will be a forum for social service users included in the project.

==Action items:==
 # Every member shall upload their logos from Administer section
 # Murat will upload the requirements document. Please read it carefully.
 # Every member should send his/her skype address to every other member via e-mail.

----
= Meeting 3 =

*Date:* 09.03.2012 *Location:* Online

*Participants:* Alperen, Duygu, Salih, Yavuz, Semih, Dila, Murat


==Discussions:==
 # Preparation of initial draft requirements document with clarification of key concepts and functional and non-functional dichotomy.
 # Document format will be as required by the customer.
 # An elicitation process with customer is necessary.
 
==Action items:==
 # Everybody will come up with ideas/solutions to the meeting on next Monday to further elaborate the initial document.
 # Duygu will organize the weekly group meetings. 

----
= Meeting 2 =
*Date:* 05.03.2012 *Location:* ETA A3

*Participants:* Duygu, Semih, Salih, Dila, Yavuz


==Discussions:==
 # Majority supports a decrease in the scope of the project such that the project should only include university students.
 # http://armut.com/ is offered as an example webpage.
 # Usage of physical or virtual neighborhood and requirement of sign-up or just anonymous entering has not yet decided.

==Action items:==
 # All links and researches should be written on the same wiki page.
 # Each contributor must write his/her name to the end of his/her part of the wiki in paranthesis.
 # There will be a facebook group of this project team.
 # Each member should increase their profile size.
 # A possible logo for the project should be searched or drawn by all members if possible.

----
= Meeting 1 =

*Date:* 02.03.2012 *Location:* Online

*Participants:* Alperen, Duygu, Salih, Yavuz, Semih, Dila, Murat


==Discussions:==
 # We have not yet come together with the client for detailed requirements analysis, but we can do a preliminary research on the project.
 # Initial ideas on responsibility assignment.
 # Formation of a group on Facebook, or a circle on Google+ etc. 
 
==Action items:==
 # Everybody will do preliminary research on the project topic and requirements and update a single wiki page "Useful Notes and Links" accordingly.