#summary Meeting Minutes

= Meeting 25 =
*Date:* 20.11.2012 17:00-17:15 *Location:* Lounge

*Participants:* Duygu, Seçkin, Dila, Umur, Alperen

==Action items:==
 # Seçkin gave the team feedback from Suzan Hoca.
 # We discussed our meeting policy and next steps.
 # We discussed work we have done so far.

----
= Meeting 24 =
*Date:* 17.11.2012 14:30-17:00 *Location:* Lounge

*Participants:* Duygu, Seçkin, Hasan

==Action items:==
 # Seçkin completed search operation.
 # Duygu created popover pages for the services listed on profile page.
 # Geo location is postponed for now.
 # Work division among other members is done according to the decisions of the previous meeting. For details see issues.

----
= Meeting 23 =
*Date:* 15.11.2012 11:00-12:00 *Location:* Lounge

*Participants:* Duygu, Tuğra, Seçkin, Alperen, Umur, Hasan, Dila

==Action items:==
 # There shall be a popover windows for the services listed on profile page or search result page.
 # Service creation should be updated such that the user could select time interval from the datepickers and choose days&hours suitable for the service.
 # The services may be active or passive depending on the availability of the provider. We should consider this.
 # The provider can determine the quota for the service.

----
= Meeting 22 =
*Date:* 12.11.2012 19:00-20:00 *Location:* CMPE Building

*Participants:* Duygu, Tuğra, Seçkin, Alperen, Umur, Hasan, Dila

==Action items:==
 # We will need to measure distance between users, so we discussed about a new method for keeping address information. Google API is offered. Seçkin and Hasan will do some research about this issue till tomorrow.
 # Login page will be updated till Thursday.
 # Lack of logoff button is realized. It will be added till Thursday.
 # Search will be done after Google API decision.
 # There will be a part called 'waiting services' in profile page for replies to the service request we created. It will be added to UI design.

----
= Meeting 21 =
*Date:* 05.11.2012 19:00-21:00 *Location:* CMPE Student room

*Participants:* Duygu, Tuğra, Seçkin, Alperen, Umur, Hasan

==Action items:==
 # Fully functional profile page is implemented.
 # Project plan is updated.
 # Login & search pages will be implemented.
 # Mvn deployment will be done.

----
= Meeting 20 =
*Date:* 04.11.2012 11:00-19:00 *Location:* CMPE Student room

*Participants:* Duygu, Seçkin, Alperen, Dila, Hasan

==Action items:==
 # creation of maven project
 # ui development for home & service creation pages
 # update of database
 # java entities creation

----
= Meeting 19 =
*Date:* 29.10.2012 *Location:* Duygu's place :)

*Participants:* Duygu, Dila

==Action items:==
 # ui implementation for profile & search pages

----
= Meeting 18 =
*Date:* 01.11.2012 *Location:* CMPE Student room

*Participants:* Duygu, Tuğra, Seçkin, Alperen, Umur, Dila, Hasan

==Action items:==
 # hasan will make a research about ejb integration to tomcat server
 # if it is possible, we will try and learn about ejb
 # next meeting date is determined.

----
= Meeting 17 =
*Date:* 18.10.2012 *Location:* CMPE Student room

*Participants:* Duygu, Tuğra, Seçkin, Alperen, Umur, Dila, Hasan

==Discussions:==
 # search algorithm and bulletin board idea

==Action items:==
 # we will talk to suzan hoca

----
= Meeting 16 =
*Date:* 15.10.2012 *Location:* CMPE Student room

*Participants:* Duygu, Tuğra, Seçkin, Alperen, Umur, Dila, Hasan

==Discussions:==
 # Search algorithm
 # GUI design
 # Database design

==Action items:==
 # Search algorithm has not been decided yet.
 # Database tables is designed to some extend. But they will evolve over time.
 # Basic pages of the website are determined.

----
= Meeting 15 =
*Date:* 11.10.2012 *Location:* CMPE Student room

*Participants:* Duygu, Tuğra, Seçkin, Alperen, Umur, Dila, Hasan

==Discussions:==
 # Review of project plan

==Action items:==
 # Final Version of project plan is done.
 # Time for the next meeting is determined.
 # Main parts and responsible people are decided.

----
= Meeting 14 =
*Date:* 03.10.2012 *Location:* CMPE Student room

*Participants:* Duygu, Tuğra, Seçkin, Alperen, Umur, Dila

==Discussions:==
 # Assignment 1
 # Review of requirements document
 # Project plan

==Action items:==
 # Seçkin prepared the presentation.
 # Final Version of requirements document is done.
 # First project plan is done.

----
= Meeting 13 =
*Date:* 02.10.2012 *Location:* CMPE Student room

*Participants:* Duygu, Tuğra, Seçkin, Alperen, Umur

==Discussions:==
 # Open Project: Review of the old project plan
 # Review of requirements document

==Action items:==
 # New members will create their own pages.
 # Requirements document will be revised.
 # Every member should learn how to use Open Project.

----
= Meeting 12 =
*Date:* 21.05.2012 *Location:* CMPE Student room

*Participants:* Duygu, Dila, Murat, Semih, Tuğra

==Discussions:==
 # Eclipse, svn, junit integration : Resolution of common problems
 # How unit tests work
 # Review of current base class and unit tests

==Action items:==
 # Each project developer will contribute to either base class or tests.
 # Each developer will try to find a bug or enhancement.

----
= Meeting 11 =
*Date:* 12.05.2012 *Location:* Online

*Participants:* Duygu, Dila, Yavuz, Murat, Tuğra, Semih, Alperen

==Discussions:==
 # Everybody is reminded of the current individual issue searching assignment.
 # Discussed how and where to look for issues in different projects. All documents, diagrams and the code should be searched.

----
= Meeting 10 =
*Date:* 02.04.2012 *Location:* ETA A4

*Participants:* Duygu, Dila, Yavuz, Murat, Tuğra

==Discussions:==
 # How our sequence diagrams should be.
 # System architecture will be designed in client-server model.

==Action items:==
 # System arcitecture model is designed on paper. Dila and Murat will draw and upload it.
 # Tuğra shall remake the use-case scenario sequential diagrams until 23.59.
 # Duygu is assigned to make sure that our home page is up to date.

----
= Meeting 9 =
*Date:* 31.03.2012 *Location:* Online(Skype)

*Participants:* Duygu, Dila, Yavuz, Semih, Alperen, Murat

==Discussions:==
 # Zero(0) has a negative effect on people.
 # User demand is essential on the service types.

==Action items:==
 # Dila shall finish the overall system architecture diagram until Monday PS.
 # Yavuz shall remake the 1st use-case scenario sequential diagram until Monday PS.
 # IF THERE IS NO PS, PLEASE COME TO THE LOUNGE AT THE SAME HOUR!

----
= Meeting 8 =
*Date:* 26.03.2012 *Location:* CmpE Lounge

*Participants:* Duygu, Dila, Yavuz, Semih

==Discussions:==
 # Ranking system may lead to unjust treatment of new users compared to experienced ones.

==Action items:==
 # Duygu shall make the necessary changes in the Use Case Diagrams until tomorrow's lecture.
 # All members shall upload their diagrams using the moodle submission system.
 # All members shall read the scenarios at least once before tomorrow's lecture.

----
= Meeting 7 =
*Date:* 24.03.2012 *Location:* Online(Skype)

*Participants:* Duygu, Dila, Yavuz, Murat, Alperen

==Discussions:==
 # We shall emphasize more the fair and just treatment of the users.
 # We shall often be voluntary for presentations.

==Action items:==
 # Murat shall update the requirements and the scenario documents until Sunday 12:00.
 # Alperen shall finish use-case diagrams until Sunday 23:59
 # Dila & Semih shall finish activity diagrams before Monday PS.
 # Yavuz & Tuğra shall finish sequential diagrams before Monday PS.
 # Duygu shall track these jobs using the issue tracker.
 # Every member should think of a project name until Sunday 12:00.

----
= Meeting 6 =
*Date:* 19.03.2012 *Location:* ETA A3

*Participants:* Duygu, Dila, Yavuz, Murat, Tuğra, Alperen

==Discussions:==
 # Members shall be able to report abuse.
 # Members shall be able to view recent activity.
 # Members can become admins if they apply to the job and all and some admin of a scenario can become the member of another scenario.
 # Members who do not participate in any service taking activity for a long time shall start to lose their community credits(decay).
 # Members should be able to search using different criterion.
 # All detailed work of the meeting is at https://cacoo.com/diagrams/KHqknnyT5NKTejck.

==Action items:==
 # Requirements shall be updated mainly by Murat. Yavuz shall add the decaying community credits requirement to the document.
 # The use case diagram shall be updated by Dila, according to the new requirements and discussions today.

----
= Meeting 5 =
*Date:* 16.03.2012 *Location:* Online(Skype)

*Participants:* Duygu, Dila, Yavuz, Murat, Tuğra, Alperen

==Discussions:==
 # First UML diagram will cover the whole function of the project. It shall be possible to explain certain scenarios on this first diagram.
 # Second UML diagram will be drawn if needed and it shall describe the detailed case-scenarios.
 # Socializing part of the project should be expanded and requirements shall be expanded in that way also.

==Action items:==
 # Yavuz Alperen and Dila shall finish the diagrams until Sunday evening.
 # Duygu is going to talk to the customer asking the questions discusssed.
 # Murat and Tuğra are going to prepare use-case scenarios and describe them in natural language.
 # Semih and Duygu are going to prepare a slide show.
----
= Meeting 4 =

*Date:* 12.03.2012 *Location:* ETA A3

*Participants:* Duygu, Dila, Yavuz, Murat, Tuğra, Semih

==Discussions:==
 # There will be no "sign-in with Facebook" feature. This is because that our project requires that the users must include their true identities in their profiles.
 # Only invited people will be allowed to sign-in.
 # Service offers is decided to be taken request-based.
 # There will be a forum for social service users included in the project.

==Action items:==
 # Every member shall upload their logos from Administer section
 # Murat will upload the requirements document. Please read it carefully.
 # Every member should send his/her skype address to every other member via e-mail.

----
= Meeting 3 =

*Date:* 09.03.2012 *Location:* Online

*Participants:* Alperen, Duygu, Salih, Yavuz, Semih, Dila, Murat


==Discussions:==
 # Preparation of initial draft requirements document with clarification of key concepts and functional and non-functional dichotomy.
 # Document format will be as required by the customer.
 # An elicitation process with customer is necessary.
 
==Action items:==
 # Everybody will come up with ideas/solutions to the meeting on next Monday to further elaborate the initial document.
 # Duygu will organize the weekly group meetings. 

----
= Meeting 2 =
*Date:* 05.03.2012 *Location:* ETA A3

*Participants:* Duygu, Semih, Salih, Dila, Yavuz


==Discussions:==
 # Majority supports a decrease in the scope of the project such that the project should only include university students.
 # http://armut.com/ is offered as an example webpage.
 # Usage of physical or virtual neighborhood and requirement of sign-up or just anonymous entering has not yet decided.

==Action items:==
 # All links and researches should be written on the same wiki page.
 # Each contributor must write his/her name to the end of his/her part of the wiki in paranthesis.
 # There will be a facebook group of this project team.
 # Each member should increase their profile size.
 # A possible logo for the project should be searched or drawn by all members if possible.

----
= Meeting 1 =

*Date:* 02.03.2012 *Location:* Online

*Participants:* Alperen, Duygu, Salih, Yavuz, Semih, Dila, Murat


==Discussions:==
 # We have not yet come together with the client for detailed requirements analysis, but we can do a preliminary research on the project.
 # Initial ideas on responsibility assignment.
 # Formation of a group on Facebook, or a circle on Google+ etc. 
 
==Action items:==
 # Everybody will do preliminary research on the project topic and requirements and update a single wiki page "Useful Notes and Links" accordingly.