#summary Requirement Analysis

= REQUIREMENTS DOCUMENT =

This document contains functional and non-functional requirements of the "Social Services Community" project. Contents of this document may change over time upon mutual agreement of customer and contractor (Group1). Please always refer to the project site for the latest version. 

<font color="red">This documents contains some major updates after its first version dated 13.03.2012, as a result of in-class feedback and use case analysis. Corrections for Issues #1 have also been performed except the additional information part on non-functional requirements which will be covered in due course. Important amendments below are colored in red. </font> 

== 1. FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS ==


=== 1.1.  USER TYPES AND ACCESS ===
1.1.1. There shall be two types of users: MEMBER and ADMIN.

<font color="red">1.1.2.</font>  By default, MEMBER shall be able to register to the community with a personal invitation code. However, there shall be an administrative option to toggle this setting. 

1.1.3. Registration shall include true identity of a MEMBER at least with Citizen ID, photo, location information, valid e-mail address and phone number.

1.1.4. Each user shall login with his/her e-mail address as user id and a password. 

1.1.5. There should be different roles for ADMINs (administration, content management).


=== 1.2. SERVICES AND COMMUNITY CREDITS ===
<font color="red">1.2.1.</font> SERVICE shall refer to one or more predefined service types for the community.

<font color="red">1.2.2.</font> MEMBERs should be able to discuss and propose new SERVICE types in community forums and poll for them.

<font color="red">1.2.3.</font>  SERVICE shall not involve exchange of money or third-party products in either direction. A so-called virtual COMMUNITY CREDITS shall be the only means of SERVICE compensation.

<font color="red">1.2.4.</font> Each MEMBER shall have a COMMUNITY CREDITS account upon registration.

1.2.5. There shall not be COMMUNITY CREDITS loans.

1.2.6. ADMINs shall earn a predefined amount of COMMUNITY CREDITS for their service.

<font color="red">1.2.7.</font> COMMUNITY CREDITS transfer shall be atomic, i.e. implemented as a transaction.


=== <font color="red">1.3.</font> SERVICE OFFER ===

<font color="red">1.3.1.</font> Any MEMBER shall be able to offer SERVICEs belonging to predefined SERVICE types. However, he/she should be careful about point 1.5.4.

<font color="red">1.3.2.</font> Each SERVICE entry shall contain at least a title, description of service and a compensation in terms of COMMUNITY CREDITS. SERVICEs shall have a predefined number of tags, at least one of which shall belong to a predefined SERVICE type. Additionally, MEMBER shall be able to upload documents and images necessary for local or virtual service entry.

1.3.3. MEMBERs shall be free to demand an amount of COMMUNITY CREDITS for their SERVICEs which shall be updateable as a result of negotiation. However, other MEMBERs should be able to report/complain about abuse of this system in a convenient way.

1.3.4. MEMBER shall offer SERVICEs to all of the community, not to a certain individual(s).


=== <font color="red">1.4.</font> SERVICE REQUEST ===

<font color="red">1.4.1.</font> Any MEMBER shall be able to request a SERVICE. However, he/she should be careful about point 1.5.4.

<font color="red">1.4.2.</font> MEMBER shall request a SERVICE by submitting a SERVICE request form including his/her message.

<font color="red">1.4.3.</font> Upon negotiation, SERVICE request shall be approved or rejected by the MEMBER who offers it. Upon approval, SERVICE details shall appear on the profile pages of both individuals.

1.4.4. The status of the SERVICE request shall be 'in progress', 'accomplished' or 'not accomplished'.

1.4.5. COMMUNITY CREDITS transaction is committed when the beneficiary marks it as 'accomplished'.


=== 1.5. RATING AND ENCOURAGEMENT ===
<font color="red">1.5.1.</font> MEMBER shall be rated by the beneficiary for any SERVICE accomplished with respect to amount of credits and quality of service. Beneficiary shall be able to comment on the SERVICE as well.

1.5.2. MEMBER profile shall be made public with the following information: Details of SERVICEs offered, number of SERVICEs accomplished, up-to-date rating average for demanded amount of credits and quality of service, current account balance.

1.5.3. The list of up-to-date account balances shall be made available to all community MEMBERs.

<font color="red">1.5.4.</font> MEMBERs whose balances exceed specified limits (positive or negative) shall be isolated in a publicly available color-mapped balance list and notified to move their balance back towards zero by spending or earning.

1.5.5. The system shall also display recent activities in order to promote MEMBERs.

<font color="red">1.5.6.</font> MEMBERs who do not participate in any SERVICE REQUEST activity for a long time should start to lose their credits continuously. This continuous decrease in credits is called DECAY. The speed of the DECAY will increase if the MEMBER continues not to use the SERVICE REQUEST system.


=== 1.6. SEARCHING FOR SERVICES ===
1.6.1. Any MEMBER shall be able to search for SERVICEs with respect to available SERVICE types or a given search query.

<font color="red">1.6.2.</font> Proper tagging of SERVICEs should be strongly advised to optimize search.

1.6.3. SERVICEs should be ranked with respect to relevance to a given search query.

<font color="red">1.6.4.</font> MEMBERs shall be able to sort listing of the retrieved results with respect to location, requested amount of credits, and offering MEMBER rating.


=== 1.7. SOCIAL NETWORKING ASPECTS ===
1.7.1. MEMBERs information at different common social networks should be linked to its community account to evaluate his/her trustworthiness.

1.7.2. System should have online/offline messaging capabilities.

<font color="red">1.7.3.</font> MEMBERs shall be able to like/follow a SERVICE or another MEMBER.


== 2. NON-FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS ==

=== 2.1. USABILITY ===
<font color="red">2.1.1.</font> The system should be easy to use by non-tech savvy people with basic internet usage skills.

2.1.2. A minimalist web page design should be preferred where applicable.


=== 2.2. RELIABILITY ===
2.2.1. Database shall be replicated to compensate for failures.


=== 2.3. COMMUNITY SYSTEM PERFORMANCE ===
<font color="red">2.3.1.</font> Web traffic analysis shall be made using Google Analytics. 

<font color="red">2.3.2.</font> Social network performance should be measured based on points 1.7.3 and 1.5.4. (to be further discussed with customer)


=== 2.4. DEPENDABILITY ===
<font color="red">2.4.1.</font> Project shall be designed to run problem free on latest versions of Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, and Internet Explorer web browsers as of April, 01, 2012.

2.4.2. The project shall be implemented using standard Java SE7 and Eclipse IDE and run on Apache Tomcat Server 6.0 on customer’ s site.

2.4.3. Progress of project shall be monitored by customer and contractor via Google code.